C:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\aula06CrudPeople.deps.json
C:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\aula06CrudPeople.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\aula06CrudPeople.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\aula06CrudPeople.dll
c:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\aula06CrudPeople.pdb
C:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\aula06CrudPeople.Views.dll
c:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\aula06CrudPeople.Views.pdb
c:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\aula06CrudPeople.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\aula06CrudPeople.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\aula06CrudPeople.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\aula06CrudPeople.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\aula06CrudPeople.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\aula06CrudPeople.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\aula06CrudPeople.TagHelpers.input.cache
c:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\aula06CrudPeople.TagHelpers.output.cache
c:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\aula06CrudPeople.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
c:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Home\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Home\Privacy.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\People\Create.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\People\Edit.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\People\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\Error.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\_CookieConsentPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\_Layout.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Shared\_ValidationScriptsPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\_ViewImports.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\_ViewStart.g.cshtml.cs
c:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\aula06CrudPeople.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\aula06CrudPeople.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\aula06CrudPeople.Views.pdb
c:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\aula06CrudPeople.dll
c:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\aula06CrudPeople.pdb
C:\Users\Andre\Documents\Ulbra\12 Semestre\Linguagem comercial\lpc2019\aula06CrudPeople\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\aula06CrudPeople.csproj.CopyComplete
